The client, it generates a response, but the response doesn't get sent until a human has, like reviewed it and added a few human touches to make it feel human. And I believe we won't, obviously be able to cut down the time spent by our team 100% but it will massively cut down the amount of time they need to spend typing out these messages. I am moving the team on to like, using Whisper, getting a microphone at the front desk, which will help them. But I do think it would be really cool to work towards a solution where an AI system is reading the WhatsApp messages. It has access to a database of knowledge that is like, relating to all of our services, our opening times, our pricing. And then whenever someone asks a message on WhatsApp, it just like, automatically gives a pre filled response. And then the person at the front desk can review the pre filled response and send it once they're happy with it. That's very much like, obviously, the perfect solution. I think from a tech perspective, it's possible. However, I think a challenge is going to be like user experience and obviously regulations in regards to reading personal messages and things like that. But anyway, I would love to hear from you, Brendan, what you're building, and see if there's anything that we could potentially do moving forward. And just for you to give your thoughts based on the fact that you're kind of primarily focusing on WhatsApp as as an automation tool. Yeah,

okay, where do I start? Yeah, so obviously, like, you know Jack, we spoke, I think, like almost a month ago, maybe just more than a month, and I told you, like, we're coming up with this platform at all. I will essentially like that will allow you to build anything on top of it, right, but also allow you to interact with conversations. So I'm going to share quickly. So we've got a lot of functionality already. There's just a couple of things that we're still I want to say, ironing out, etc. But very much it's a case. So you'd be able to, basically, I want to say, program your your own WhatsApp bot, right? So you don't need to know anything about programming. You don't need to know anything about like, how does it actually work, right? The idea is simply being that, alright, cool. You come in here, you type what it is that you want, and then it will go and literally build everything that it is that, that, that you're asking for right now, obviously, in your case, it's a, it's a very simple thing where you you're actually not having any automated messaging. All that you're doing is you're having an AI with a knowledge base in in the background, right? So we've, we've built basically the WhatsApp builder, and then you can see, like, a little preview tab here for the actual part that I'm testing out. But then what we've done is that we've also added a conversation's tab, right? And this conversation's tab is basically allows me to view all of the conversations that's busy happening. So this is obviously for the demo number, but I'll go to actually one of the clients that we're working on or that we've completed. And here you can see basically all of the clients that ends up so similar, so pretty much exactly like WhatsApp Web, right? Like it looks like WhatsApp Web, but the key difference is the company that we're working with is solved. And here I can basically view all of the messages that has taken place with with this client, right? And now the the functionality that we've built in is that when you want to go over to a human handover, right? All that I do is I can click this button here human handover, and I will be able to type from here directly to the client and answer the message right just

now I understand, because this was, in my mind, one of the big limitations. So this is a this is a separate interface to WhatsApp, so I presume those messages are coming through via their API. Yes. So if you then want to send a message to a client, you then have to comply with the template regulations that WhatsApp have predefined.

So if, if a user messages you right, you have a 24 hour window to respond.

Yeah, is that sometimes we want to send messages to a client. Like, let's say we haven't spoken to a client and, you know, in a couple of weeks, and we want to send them a follow up message, or we want to do that, like, at that point, we've got a limitation with the API's because we wouldn't be able to we would have to use a

template, Yes, correct. So it would still be the same functionality. The only difference is that on the side here, what you would do is you, excuse me, would have a button that basically says initiate conversation, and it will send the template message to be like, basically saying, hey, you know, I don't know what the use cases so maybe, hey, we haven't heard from you in a while. We just wanted to make contact see how everything is going with a button that says open chat, for example, and then the user can go and open chat, and then once they've clicked that button, you have the 24 hour response, basically to message them, right? So there'll be another button in over here where you can, like, I want to say, draft a message using AI so it will take in basically the entire message conversation and then draft the message for you. Yep, right. But what we've also introduced is a conversational agent, right? So what this does is this allows you for, let's say you have like, 100 messages you need to respond to. You can tell it, hey, listen, draft a message for all of these people, for me, and it will then go and look at every single one. Look at the conversation history, your business information. Draft a message for you and populate it directly in here. So all you have to do is basically go and look at the client, look at the message, click, send next one clicks in, etc, right and again, like you can go here to filter according to different things. So, for example, we have, like, a bunch of sales, so people who have requested sales troubleshooting, so you would be able to filter out according to, like, what specific operation it is, right? If it's a sales, if it's a, I don't know, emergency retargeting, whatever you'd be able to then also go and change their state, for example, right? But you able to filter and then. So this is something that we still need to implement, but you basically create a workspace where you would add all of your team members on, right? So all of your team members would then get have access to this, and then can then filter out according to what it is that they're looking for.

Okay, yeah, that makes sense. So, yeah, that all makes sense. So I think, I think, really, what I need to go and do is I need to go and understand what the true limitation is going to be in regards to the templates. And I'm assuming that we can still use like, this is one interface that we would have on our on our like, reception desk computer. Like, obviously, if we still need to message someone, we could just use the existing number. Or is this like, once you've set up a number that is using the API, you can't, then use that same number. You can't. Yeah, correct. Okay, so then you have two numbers, yes, okay, that's, that's another big either.

So either that or what happens? What you can do is we can still use your existing WhatsApp business number, right, but and we can shift it over to the API. But when that happens is you lose all of your I want to say message history and contact history. So what will happen need to happen is that we'll need to download all of the contacts and message history before the time before we then shift over to the API, and then it's the same number. You're just not responding from a phone anymore. You're responding from a computer, basically.

And if we wanted to, if we wanted in that situation, so that number is solely linked with an API, so therefore you wouldn't be able to send them a cold message unless it was a template. Yes, yes. Okay, yeah, that, that bit, for me, is the big bit that I need to understand whether we can feasibly do that. Because if you imagine someone comes in for a consultation, and then they come to the front desk, we book in that follow up, or we book in their next step. We then leave, and then that afternoon, what we do is we send them. Thank you so much for coming to expand. Just a reminder, here's your here's the location where you're going to be going for your CT scan. Here's where you're going to be doing your functional assessment. And it's so different for every patient. It's not like we're sending the same thing over and over again. That's why a template is not unless it's just not going to be scalable, because we just don't know what that message is going to have to have in it. I understand we could go send a little template being like, hey, like, click here to hear your updates and next steps that expand health, yes, and then maybe they click the button, and then we can then send the response, but I just don't know whether that's going to cause like more friction. I hear you,

but guys, a quick question. Brendan, why? I mean a building to pass for myself. You know, browser automations using playwright, which goes just once you need, also, you need to scan the character once on your screen. And the rest is actually done behind this, behind the scenes, scraping, you know, at whatever sequence of time or frequency you want, and then, you know, shows you the messages. And you know, I'm doing opportunity. I have, like, 75 WhatsApp groups. I have any messages, so I build this automation for myself, and it works really well. I mean, I can, obviously, I can use the same dashboard to answer messages as well. I don't need any templates. I don't need anything. I also have, like, a knowledge base behind it, or I can, you know, kind of like, started to automate my messages to people in the groups anyway. So why wouldn't that be a way to bypass the need of of templates and approval from meta?

So just, just to make sure what I'm hearing. So you basically referring to a Chrome extension, right? Exactly.

So basically, you have a playwright. You know, the playwright goes as an X, as a as an add on to your cloud code opens also a commune app, once it scans all your I mean, it links to your it builds a whatsapp image. I mean, it builds it behind and keeps scraping it without you having the computer in front of you as as often as you want. And then brings the messages on an interface. That's what I did with my groups, brings the messages on an interface of sends even digest to me every day. And then I can also on the web interface, I can go and answer two messages to the my problem wasn't my personal messages, because I don't get many. My problem was actually 500 message 575 groups with about 10 messages a day each. And I've sold this by building this complete automation, well, complete scraping. Obviously, I scrape once a day. I'm sure I can scrape it. So why wouldn't we be able to apply this solution? Because then we you bypass the because it this is, this is a, this is a hack, right? You bypass the template

so you you 100% can do that. There are a couple of solutions out there for Chrome extensions that basically add exist as plug ins to WhatsApp Web. The tricky thing with that is that it becomes a very gray line with with meta, right? So if you're just doing scraping, that can kind of be okay, but meta has some pretty strict, I wouldn't say strict, like some pretty advanced software to detect at least automations or bot interactions on like the WhatsApp Web platform, or just anything in general, right? So you, you 100% can do that. My My advice is, like it is a hack. It's not the best way to go about it, or at least not the official way to go about it. You risk the chance of that number either like getting banned or getting blocked, right? So, for example, a lot of people with open claw, right? I don't know you guys have probably heard of installed on the way that openclaw works is that you have basically a WhatsApp Web instance running on a server, and according to metas Terms of Service, that that's actually illegal, right? And to have automations running through the WhatsApp Web service like that, so the only legal way to go about it is through their API. So that's that's why we haven't specifically gone that route, because it goes against their terms of service and the gods like that. So yeah, so that would be my answer to our WhatsApp

what's WhatsApp WhatsApp number is a business number as a personal number.

It's a personal number that we use on WhatsApp business okay, yeah. So I don't think they have business numbers or personal they're just all the same numbers. Then we just have a whatsapp business account with it.

Okay, great. Yeah.

So essentially, Brendan, what you're saying there is, you can go that route, but you run the risk of, if it gets picked up, that number might get blocked.

Yeah. So I have a friend who installed openclaw and was running stuff and having the agent respond to

me, no, I don't know. I don't use I use openclaw for for emailing, and use open Clow for WhatsApp. I just use on Clow for everything else. But no, what's up? I just do my Chrome, my playwright scraping on a daily basis. I've been doing for a while. No one asking anything,

just just so I understand Brendan, which component of that is the bit that WhatsApp is going to be so if you had a system that was just scraping the data from your whatsapp chat, would they mind that? Or is it the bit that's like automating the messages?

It's both right? Because it's like you. So a lot of the Chrome extensions out there have, like, figured out a way to almost bypass meta safety situations. So just for example, like if you want to do Broadcast messaging via bio Chrome extension like that actually, like, wait three to six seconds before sending the next message, right? Because, because meta flags that. Now, the tricky thing about like scraping, or the way that WhatsApp Web works, is that you you open it and you open a specific contact, and then it only loads a certain amount of messages, and so you need to scroll continually to the top right and like, that kind of procedure. Like, it's very easy to pick up, like, what a bot is doing versus what a human is doing. Yeah, yeah, right. Because a bot is like, it just knows to do this thing. Like, it clicks on contact, it opens it up, scrolls right, like instantly, whereas a human is like a bit more, like the response is a bit different, right, like it might be a bit slower and everything. So I haven't tested our playwright for myself, but they most likely figured out a way to at least make it look a bit more natural than just like an automated system. Yeah, I guess

you're still playing a risky game, though, when it's your business, you know, if we lost that number, we would be in a lot of trouble. As I said, it's 100% of our cost. Comms, pretty much goes through it every day. So okay, all right, that's super useful. Brendan, so thank you so much. I think I've got a lot of information out for me to think about what the possible options are. Yeah, if I have any questions, I'll just ping them on the WhatsApp group. But once I've, like, spoken with the team, we've understood whether the, I think the only real thing is whether it would be an issue. Would people still be able to call on that number?

So WhatsApp has released a calling API. We just haven't built that functionality yet within the system to be able to handle calls, but the through the calling API is okay. So another thing that you need to consider is price wise, right? So when a user messages your business or messages within that 24 hour period or free? Yeah, right. However, with a template message, you're either getting charged around 14 cents or, excuse me, 70 cents per template message that goes up depending on if it's like seen as marketing or utility. Now, with regards to the calling API, they actually charge a per minute basis that you're on the call. Yeah, okay, right. So it's no longer a case of it just being free. There is a cost. Involved. I'm not too sure of the pricing, because, like I said, we haven't really investigated that. Okay, there's just something

to be aware of. Yeah, that's, that's good information. I'll have a look what the pricing is. I mean, we spend a lot of time on the phone. That's challenge. So, okay, yeah, it's a difficult one. It's like nothing out there is they've ring fenced a lot of things to make it almost impossible to find the perfect solution. Anyway, I'm going to go away and have a think about it, and then I'll probably come back with a few more questions. Cool. Thanks so much for time is really valuable. Yeah, plucking your brain on some of that stuff. Emilian, any questions from your side? No, no, clear. I mean,

for me, was that? I mean, good, good. Thank you for the advice.

Brendan, yeah, of course, of course.

Thank you. Bye, bye, bye.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
